Create Boards doc set (#4979)
mattermost/docs: source/boards/installing-boards.rst

Personal Desktop
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- macOS: Download Focalboard from the `App Store <https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id1556908618?pt=2114704&ct=website&mt=8>`_.
- Windows: Download Focalboard from the `Microsoft App Store <https://www.microsoft.com/store/apps/9NLN2T0SX9VF?cid=website>`_.

To install Personal Desktop for Linux:

1. Download ``focalboard-linux.tar.gz`` from the latest `release on GitHub <https://github.com/mattermost/focalboard/releases>`_.
2. Unpack the ``.tar.gz`` archive.
3. Open ``focalboard-app`` from within the ``focalboard-app`` folder.

Personal Server
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Focalboard Personal Server allows your team to work together on shared project boards.

Follow these steps to set it up on an Ubuntu server.

**Set up Ubuntu Server 18.04**

Popular hosted options include:

* `Digital Ocean <https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/initial-server-setup-with-ubuntu-18-04>`_
* `Amazon EC2 <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EC2_GetStarted.html>`_

**Install Focalboard**

> Download the Ubuntu archive package from the appropriate `release in GitHub <https://github.com/mattermost/focalboard/releases>`_. E.g. this is the link for v0.7.0 (which may no longer be the latest one):

Author: ```suggestion
Download the Ubuntu archive package from the appropriate `release in GitHub <https://github.com/mattermost/focalboard/releases>`_. In the following command, replace X.X.X with the version that you want to download:
```

.. code-block:: sh

>    wget https://github.com/mattermost/focalboard/releases/download/v0.7.0/focalboard-server-linux-amd64.tar.gz

Author: ```suggestion
   wget https://github.com/mattermost/focalboard/releases/download/vX.X.X/focalboard-server-linux-amd64.tar.gz
```

> Installing the Focalboard App

Author: That might work better actually, and be less confusing. I can set that up.

> Installing the Focalboard App

Author: Just to clarify, is the app still going to be called Focalboard? If so, then it should definitely be in its own section.
